[RHDHBUGS-2722]: Restructure authentication title to JTBD outline (#2049)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-import-users-and-groups-from-rhbk.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="import-users-and-groups-from-rhbk_{context}"]
= Import users and groups from {rhbk-brand-name} ({rhbk})

[role="_abstract"]
Import {rhbk-brand-name} ({rhbk}) users and groups to the {product} software catalog.

.Prerequisites
* You have xref:share-a-secret-with-rhbk_{secrets-context}[shared a secret with {rhbk}].

.Procedure

. Enable the Keycloak catalog provider plugin in your `dynamic-plugins.yaml` file.
+
The plugin is named after {rhbk} upstream project.
+

> This plugin imports {rhbk} users and groups to the {product-short} software catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable the Keycloak catalog provider plugin in your `dynamic-plugins.yaml` file.
+
The plugin is named after {rhbk} upstream project.
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
plugins:
  - package: './dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-community-plugin-catalog-backend-module-keycloak-dynamic'
    disabled: false
----

> . Enable provisioning {rhbk} users and groups to the {product-short} software catalog, by adding the `catalog.providers.keycloakOrg` section to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a `catalog.providers.keycloakOrg` section to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:
```

. Optional: Add optional fields to the `keycloackOrg` catalog provider section in your `{my-app-config-file}` file:
+
[source,yaml]
----
catalog:
  providers:
    keycloakOrg:
      default:
        baseUrl: ${KEYCLOAK_BASE_URL}
        clientId: ${KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID}
        clientSecret: ${KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET}
        realm: ${KEYCLOAK_REALM}
        loginRealm: ${KEYCLOAK_LOGIN_REALM}
        userQuerySize: 100
        groupQuerySize: 100
        schedule:
          frequency: { hours: 1 }
          timeout: { minutes: 50 }
          initialDelay: { seconds: 15}
----

`userQuerySize`::
Enter the user count to query simultaneously.
Default value: `100`.

`groupQuerySize`::
Enter the group count to query simultaneously.
Default value: `100`.

`schedule`::
`frequency`:::
Enter the schedule frequency.
Supports cron, ISO duration, and "human duration" as used in code.

`timeout`:::
Enter the timeout for the user provisioning job.
Supports ISO duration and "human duration" as used in code.

`initialDelay`:::
Enter the initial delay to wait for before starting the user provisioning job.
Supports ISO duration and "human duration" as used in code.

.Verification

> * To verify user and group provisioning, check the console logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check the console logs.
```
